ACCUEIL
Hello and welcome to the platform dedicated to my work!
My name is Jules Messin and I am currently engaged in my first year of studies in BUT Networks & Telecommunications.
The purpose of this site is to highlight my person, my skills, my career, as well as my personal and academic achievements.

The portfolio code can be accessed via github:
https://github.com/JulesMessin/SAE104.git

COMPETENCE
I have extensive experience in several technical areas.
My experience in web development spans several years, where I gained solid skills in HTML and CSS.
I have gained solid experience in Python programming over the course of more than three years.
Plus, I'm comfortable with collaborative work tools like Git and Github.
Thanks to these technical skills, I can effectively tackle a variety of tasks and projects in the areas of web development and programming.

In addition to all these skills called Hardskills, I also have softskills.
I have already done two seasonal jobs that lasted 2 months:
The first took place in a factory where I worked as a handler at Sodiproc (Maitre-Cochon). . .
. . . and the second took place in a restaurant (L'Atlantique) located in La Tranche-Sur-Mer where I was hired as a waiter.

A PROPOS DE MOI
Computing is an important part of my life, everything about code interests me a lot, it's a way for me to create something.
I also practice boxing, it's a sport that fascinates me.
Cooking is one of my favorite activities, I love cooking delicious dishes
I like to read a lot, whether it's books, comics or manga.

Educational background:
In college, I had the opportunity to learn programming via scrath
Then, at Jean Macé High School, I opted for the NSI, Maths and LLCE (English) specialties in order to cultivate my interest in IT professions.
This is how I oriented my studies towards a BUT Networks & Telecommunications through Parcoursup.
In 2023, I managed to get my bachelor's degree with a fairly good mention and I chose to join the IUT in Châtellerault for my first year of the BUT Networks & Telecommunications training.

PROJET
We are in the process of implementing an SAE called 'Processing Data',
The objective of this project is to determine the flow of the river using salt concentrations measured by a probe. We therefore need to design a web site (HTML/CSS) from a Python file containing the flow calculation, and a graph representing the salt concentration over a period of time.
Access to the project can be done using the github link.

I don't have any other projects going on.
I plan to do a personal project outside of work, with the aim of creating a video game.

CONTACT
Please use the following contact details after your visit to this site to contact me.
My university e-mail address is jules.messin@etu.univ-poitiers.fr
My business email address is messinjulespro@gmail.com
My phone number is 07 87 88 02 17
